## **Open source project**

#### The Cathedral and the Bazaar:
One of my favorite lessons from "The Cathedral and the Bazaar" is the idea that "smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around." While reviewing Leetcode solutions, I am often impressed by the concise and elegant solutions that some people come up with. I used to try to replicate these solutions in my own work and group projects for my agile software development course, and even developed an algorithm to handle all the post requests for one of our open source projects. However, I soon realized that my solution was overly complex and difficult to read and understand, causing issues during code review and debugging. I also discovered that my use of base64 for upload handling was a legacy method that slowed down the application significantly. This experience taught me the importance of simplicity and readability in code, as well as staying up to date with current best practices of usage of data structure, which could actually improve the software quality rather than the "Java one line solution, Beats 100%" algos.
<!--more-->

#### Group work:

Initially, our group work got off to a rocky start due to our shared shyness and non-native English speaking backgrounds. During our first meeting, we spent three minutes in complete silence before anyone spoke up. However, as we worked together to solve bugs during installation, our communication improved and we began to feel more comfortable with each other. We found that asking questions and sharing our thought processes helped us to work more efficiently. Over time, we solved the installation issues together.
