---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

I was fascinated with games and became deeply invested in Minecraft. I had thought cloning it would be an approachable task, given that it was coded in Java(the only language I knew back then), but I soon discovered that I was wrong. A game called Terasology caught my eye when I searched for "open source Minecraft" on Google. I downloaded the game and joined its discord channel.
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->

The community was incredibly welcoming, and I spent several days working on the "Good First Issue". Despite being intimidated by the size of the system and the fact that a single line of code could require hours of reading and numerous questions, the community was always there to answer my queries and provide guidance. I learned about starting a proper pull request and the observer pattern, among other things.

I was astounded by the effective collaboration among the people building this non-profit open-source game that was loved by many. I yearned to contribute, but the system was too difficult for me to grasp at my current coding level, as it lacked sufficient documentation. Nonetheless, I was determined to learn. I read the wiki pages, watched videos, and read forums to gain a better understanding of the game and the system.

I found that Terasology was not just a game, but a platform where people could learn, collaborate, and innovate.  The experience was incredibly fulfilling, as I learned not just coding but also teamwork, collaboration, and communication. 

In conclusion, open-source projects are more than just coding. They are communities of people who work together to create something extraordinary. The experience has taught me so much and opened numerous doors for me. 
