---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Code of Conduct Activity

#### Part1

The Go project's code of conduct document outlines the behavior that is expected of members of the community, including project contributors and users. This document sets a standard for respectful and professional behavior, and helps to create a safe and inclusive environment for everyone involved in the project.

Having a code of conduct document provides several benefits for a project. Firstly, it sets clear expectations for behavior, reducing the likelihood of conflicts or misunderstandings. Secondly, it promotes a positive and inclusive culture. Thirdly, it helps to ensure that all members of the community feel respected, regardless of their background or experiences.
<!--more-->

I do think that other projects would benefit from having a code of conduct document. Such a document provides a template for forming a positive and inclusive community, which can help to ensure that everyone is able to and willing to fully participate and contribute to the project. Additionally, it can help to reduce conflicts and misunderstandings, and ultimately improve the overall quality of the project.

#### Part2

The two code of conduct documents present a marked contrast. The Go project's code of conduct effectively fosters a respectful and professional community through clear guidelines and a supportive tone. On the other hand, the code of conduct from Sugar Labs has a more formal and stern tone, giving the impression of strict rules and serious moderators.

#### Part3

[Terasology/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md at develop · MovingBlocks/Terasology (github.com)](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/blob/develop/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

The code of conduct from Terasology did a great job of promoting inclusiveness and diversity within the community. It emphasized the importance of treating others with respect and creating a safe and supportive environment for all members, regardless of their background or beliefs. Additionally, it sets a strong tone of accountability, encouraging all members to contribute to a positive and welcoming community. 

## add-on project

I attempted to learn how to build the add-on with React. As I had no prior experience with plain JavaScript and HTML, I felt that using React.js would be more preferable for this project. Fortunately, my team members agreed to use React, and I also stumbled upon a comprehensive documentation on how to create a Firefox extension with React.
