## Summary about Add-on project

#### Group Work:

As someone who has worked with Node.js before, I thought I had a decent understanding of the framework. However, as I tried to build a task tracker for our add-on project, I quickly realized that my understanding was quite shallow. I found myself struggling to set up a connection to a local database without a backend and was unsure how to transfer states between pages without a router.

It was then that I realized that I only knew how to do the most basic tasks with Node, without truly understanding the underlying principles that made it all work. I decided to invest in my knowledge by enrolling in a comprehensive React.js course on Udemy.

This course covered both the basic and advanced topics of Node.js, and it helped me solve many questions that had been lingering in my mind for a long time. I gained a deeper understanding of Node's fundamental concepts, which helped me better comprehend the reason why certain things are written in a particular way. I hope that by the end of the course, I felt much more confident in my React skills and was able to apply my new knowledge to building a more robust task tracker.

I highly recommend this course if anyone is considering learning Node.js: [Node.js, Express, MongoDB & More: The Complete Bootcamp 2023 | Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/course/nodejs-express-mongodb-bootcamp/)

excerpt_separator: <!--more-->

#### Contributions:

I spent most of my time  trying to implement the "changing the background" feature. Although it might seem like a simple task, I spent a lot of time trying to get it right. As I had mentioned in my previous blog, the browser provides fake file paths to web applications to protect user privacy, which made finding a solution challenging. I scoured various forums, including Stack Overflow and online posts, but none of the solutions I found worked. After much searching, I finally stumbled upon a working solution in an unrelated Stack Overflow question.

In addition to the background feature, I also worked on implementing a digital clock format that displays time according to the system's default time zone. I tried to improve its visual appearance, but my limited knowledge of CSS prevented me from doing so.

#### Things Learned:

Throughout my experience as an international student, one of the biggest challenges I faced was expressing my thoughts precisely in English. In the classroom, I could take my time and carefully consider my words before speaking, but outside of that controlled environment, everyday conversations were more fast-paced and informal.

However, through working on a project recently, I've found that I've become much more comfortable with expressing myself in English. This project has given me the opportunity to practice speaking with others in a more relaxed, non-academic setting.

And I also learned a lot from the udemy course I have taken.

#### Favorite:

Out of all the group projects, the YouTube extension undoubtedly stood out as the best. Although the group did an impressive job creating it, I personally found that most of the extension's functions were not useful to me. The only feature that I found useful was the ad blocker, but there are hundreds of other ad blocker extensions available that can do the same job.

The extension that really caught my attention was the Brightspace PDF extension. I had been wanting an extension like this ever since I started using Brightspace. My professor from last semester uploaded all of the lecture slides, notes, and instructions in PDF format to Brightspace, but he named them all with dates instead of their contents. This made it difficult to review specific topics, as I had to click through each one, download them, locate them on my computer, and then open them to see if they were relevant. This extension was a true lifesaver and made my experience with Brightspace much more efficient and enjoyable.